
The EXcess Virus .............................. July 7, 2000
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
Infect your EX with these patches and samples, and it will 
never sound the same.  The EXcess Virus collection puts the 
sonic buzz of the Access Virus in your EX.  Included are 64 
single cycle samples from the Access Virus in EX format, 
along with 32 original patches.  Every patch also has two 
variations stored in the Scenes, as well.  The samples fit 
easily into the EX's stock 1 mb of RAM.  No stock EX ROM 
samples are used in the patches;  they're 100% Access 
Virus.  I also tried to avoid doing anything in the patches 
that a real Virus wouldn't be capable of (well, OK, maybe 
two Virii, along with some add'l outboard effects).  The 
first 16 patches are original synth type voices, while the 
second 16 are "infected" versions of traditional 
instruments.  Quite a few of the 64 samples aren't used by 
any of my patches, so there's lots of room for your own 
original creations here.

The 64 Access Virus samples in this collection were 
downloaded from www.Samplelibrary.net.  Many thanks go to 
stef (email:  stef@netwhere.de), who did an outstanding job 
creating them and posting them in .WAV & A3K formats for 
all to share. 

The EXcess Virus collection is provided as separate wave 
(.s1m) and voice (.s1v) files, rather than as a single .s1a 
("All") file, so that your other synth, MIDI, etc. settings 
won't be overwritten.  This also allows me to provide 
separate versions of the patches for RAM and Flash Memory 
without duplicating the wave data in two .s1a files.

To use this collection, first load the SkiEXV.s1m file into 
either RAM or Flash Memory.  Next, load either SkiEXV_R.s1v 
(if you put the .s1m samples in RAM), or SkiEXV_F.s1v (if 
you put the .s1m samples in Flash).

Be sure to read the full documentation in the enclosed PDF 
file to get the most from this collection.

Drop me a line at ztja05@zdnetmail.com if you have any 
comments or suggestions, or visit at the EX5Tech discussion 
boards at http://www.wbmedia.com/ex5/.

Catch the Virus buzz!


Ski